Add source and destination workload_kind context labels (Hubble). (#25715)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/observability/metrics.rst

that should be added to the metric. Unlike ``sourceContext`` and ``destinationContext``, instead
of different values being put into the same metric label, the ``labelsContext`` puts them into different label values.

============================== ===============================================================================
Option Value                   Description
============================== ===============================================================================
``source_ip``                  The source IP of the flow.
``source_namespace``           The namespace of the pod if the flow source is from a Kubernetes pod.
``source_pod``                 The pod name if the flow source is from a Kubernetes pod.
``source_workload``            The name of the source pod's workload (Deployment, Statefulset, Daemonset, ReplicationController, CronJob, Job, DeploymentConfig (OpenShift)).

> ``source_workload_kind``       The kind of the source pod's workload, e.g. Deployment, Statefulset, Daemonset, ReplicationController, CronJob, Job, DeploymentConfig (OpenShift).

Reviewer: No Latin abbreviations
```suggestion
``source_workload_kind``       The kind of the source pod's workload, for example, Deployment, Statefulset, Daemonset, ReplicationController, CronJob, Job, DeploymentConfig (OpenShift).
```

``source_app``                 The app name of the source pod, derived from pod labels (``app.kubernetes.io/name``, ``k8s-app``, or ``app``).
``destination_ip``             The destination IP of the flow.
``destination_namespace``      The namespace of the pod if the flow destination is from a Kubernetes pod.
``destination_pod``            The pod name if the flow destination is from a Kubernetes pod.
``destination_workload``       The name of the destination pod's workload (Deployment, Statefulset, Daemonset, ReplicationController, CronJob, Job, DeploymentConfig (OpenShift)).

> ``destination_workload_kind``  The kind of the destination pod's workload, e.g. Deployment, Statefulset, Daemonset, ReplicationController, CronJob, Job, DeploymentConfig (OpenShift).

Reviewer: No Latin abbreviations
```suggestion
``destination_workload_kind``  The kind of the destination pod's workload, for example, Deployment, Statefulset, Daemonset, ReplicationController, CronJob, Job, DeploymentConfig (OpenShift).
```
